First 3rd party library doc (#120)
robocorp/robocorp: 3rd_party/requests/README.md

> # Requests -library
> 
> Requests -library is one of the most known and used Python libraries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Requests

The `requests` library is one of the most known and used Python libraries for HTTP calls.
```

👉 Their slogan tells it all: `HTTP for Humans`

> Whether you need to download a file or check if a website is responding, for everything HTTP, you should just use `requests.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether you need to download a file, interact with an API or simply checking if a website is responding, for everything HTTP, you should just use `requests`.
```

## Usage

```python
import requests

def download_file(url, local_filename):
    response = requests.get(url)
    response.raise_for_status()  # This will raise an exception if the request fails
    with open(local_filename, 'wb') as f:
        f.write(response.content)  # Write the content of the response to a file
    return local_filename
```

> Examples in Robocorp Portal:

Reviewer: Right before this "Examples" line, I would also add an entry called "Snippets", where we reference every snippet we built, so we can list them all along with a description. (and for also highlighting the `[snippets](./snippets)` folder itself)

> * [Python PLaywright -template](https://robocorp.com/portal/robot/robocorp/template-python-browser)

Reviewer: This example is almost right, as it needs to be refactored in order to use the `requests` library instead.

Reviewer: Done with [PR](https://github.com/robocorp/template-python-browser/pull/3).

## Links and references

* [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/requests/)
* [Documentation](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)

> * [API reference](https://requests.readthedocs.io/en/latest/api/)

Reviewer: Also is best to use `-` for bullet points, as they stand out better from the asterisk (`*`) that implies text emphasising or bolding.
